Teaching and research are two strands of my DNA
I really love teaching and is my happy place
I am a happy person who is slightly above average in multiple things
Life was going downward spiral in my life till year 2010
That year I completed a bachelor's degree in engineering
BUT, I had limited skills, poor confidence and was absolutely
clueless about where I am heading
I went around attending job interviews with some of my friends
Nothing happened and decided to pack my bags and spent one year preapring for entrance exam towards a masters degree in engineering
August 8th 2010 was my life's turning point at age 22!
That was the day I boarded a train to Hyderabad (Biriyani city or city of pearls)
I managed to find a cheap place for accommodation. That was the congested room I ever lived in my life (10 people crammed into a small hall with half a feet corridor)
First time in my life I found enginnering fascinating!
I had wonderful teachers who knew the topics in and out
Life took a U turn when I had to cut short my stay, leaving coaching midway, pack my bags and return home. This phase was tough for me financially, emotionally and in whatever way imaginable

There was a silver lining when I got admission into a government college for my masters. Those 2 years (2011-2013) were great for me and I spent each day trying to make up for my lost skills. I actively engaged in community teaching and volunteering. Financial status was still tough and I was lucky to have great friends to support me. With the help from one of my batchmate, I started coaching classes (banking, clerical jobs, MBA, what not)
This helped me to stand on my feet and prepare myself for job interviews

I was placement coordinator for my batch and around second year of my masters degree I started working in a reasearch project in the area of "Brain Computer Interfaces" using EEG. Aim of the study was to validate the potential of using BCI in hemiplegic patients. That was the time I first heard about EEGLAB software!

I got a campus placement in one of the respectable MNC with a decent salary package in Garden city (Bengaluru). I worked for one year as an associate software enginnering in the domain of SAP. Those were great days and I started active blogging

I left my job (didn't like the ambience and nature of work) and started preparing for MPhil entrance for Neurosciences course at NIMHANS. That was more  like leap of faith and I managed to get 4th rank (total seats = 4)
MPhil was a really good time. I got involved with lot many events happening in and around Bengaluru
